Andrew would buddy are done with
survivor and are ready to move on with
their lives when suddenly they are faced
with a big mess what will they do
not sure really I mean all the survivors
just got my head play mixed up yeah I'm
completely done with this man I'm so
done with survivor it is really corny
can only go touch yeah
Oh
well what do you want to do now the
butcher by over 30 we get a get some job
you know get some responsibility in our
lives or works do let's go to road trip
okay let's go wait what hiccup why not
dude our first spot fire so you watch TV
hello
tell about you
wait for my ramen stop it
but down apple
Oh
Oh No wake up what does dream of some
dude broke into our house and made a
mess in my kitchen no is that
do it out
pum pum pum how do we get through this
you know you don't like yeah dude I
don't feel too good
I think I'm gonna Wow come on get down
with a sickness get up come on get down
with a sickness can I come on get down
with the sickness open up your hate and
let it flow into me get out come on get
down with the sickness you let her get
up come on you're down with a sameness
get up come on get down with the
sickness sadness is the gift that ever
give it to me